Mention how to fix pixman, cairo missing library errors that occur while running tests in readthedocs (#13956)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab: docs/source/developer/contributing.rst

    We advice to use it as some tests are spinning a Jupyter Server that does not
    like to be executed in parallel.

> If you see a test run fail with ``Library not loaded: '@rpath/libpixman-1.0.dylib'`` (or different library, for example ``libcairo.2.dylib`` for Mac computers with Apple silicon) while running the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see a test run fail with ``Library not loaded: '@rpath/libpixman-1.0.dylib'``
(or a different library, such as ``libcairo.2.dylib`` for Mac computers with Apple
Silicon chips) while running the
```

    We advice to use it as some tests are spinning a Jupyter Server that does not
    like to be executed in parallel.

If you see a test run fail with ``Library not loaded: '@rpath/libpixman-1.0.dylib'``
(or a different library, such as ``libcairo.2.dylib`` for Mac computers with Apple
Silicon chips) while running the
``jlpm test`` command above, you may be missing packages required
by ``canvas``. Please see
`Installing Node.js and jlpm section`_
of this guide for instructions on how to install these packages.

> We use ``jest`` for all tests, so standard ``j
> est`` workflows apply.

Reviewer 2: Small format issue - this line break is introducing a space in the final doc.

```suggestion
We use ``jest`` for all tests, so standard ``jest`` workflows apply.
```
